What mattered most to me was that everything was just right.
My apartment had to be spotless and the dining table had to be full with different types of food, completely full.
I was worried that our apartment wasn't big enough to accommodate guests, not even for a meal.
I was often wondering if we would have enough time for invitations or if it would be too stressful.
Before my financial situation was much better, currently it's not good, but I manage.
The brothers and sisters are such a precious gift from Jehovah. This is truly the family he gave us.
The brothers and sisters have shown us so much love and I want to do all I can to express my gratitude.
The best way to do so is just by spending time together.
We're happy to take time for our brothers.
There's so many of the friends live alone or just want someone to spend time with.
It's nice when we can show hospitality in our homes, but I've learned that hospitality starts in the Kingdom Hall.
After all, Jehovah has invited all of us to be his guests. I prefer to stand right by the entrance.
This way I can notice any interested ones that come to the meetings, a warm smile shows personal interest,
and lets them know I'm genuinely happy that they've come.
The sisters and sisters in the congregation are my family. That is why I want to hug them, kiss them, ask them how they feel.
They should feel happy just as I am.
I am normally pretty tired after the meeting. I've had a long day and still have the rest of the week ahead of me.
But that is the case with the others too. Sometimes there are things they would like to share.
Taking the time to listen to them can really make their day.
I plan to invite four to five friends every other week. To my great joy, my plan came true within a year and a half.
Everyone was invited and everyone came.
Brothers usually ask me what to bring. I say, don't bring anything. Just your beautiful smile.
And bring someone who you know very well, but who I don't know.
There have been times after the meeting when we've said to each other, we just have to invite someone over.
Then we go around asking people sometimes for or more until we find someone who has time.
This has led to so many beautiful moments together. No one feels pressured or expects anything extravagant.
Everyone is relaxed and it feels like a calm evening with family.
One experience completely changed my view of hospitality.
A friend of mine called me and said, hey, I'm close by. Do you have time? Can I come over?
I thought, what am I supposed to cook? At that moment, the doorbell ring.
My friend was already there. The only thing I could think of to cook was pasta with sauce.
When we sat down to eat, my friend said to me, Stephanie, pasta is my favorite food. There was a great moment.
I live a simple life. To host brothers, I need to spend some money.
However, there are leaflets with special offers. I check them to see what's discounted.
The friends are happy and I didn't spend a lot of money.
We've had several brothers spend an idea. They come for pioneer school, elder school and other theocratic projects.
It's so encouraging to see their positive attitude when they come home in the evenings. It's priceless.
They're energized from the school and they have so many upbuilding thoughts. Their positivity is contagious.
Our apartment isn't very big, so we wondered where our guests could sleep.
We decided to turn the office into a guest room.
We had to move the desk into our room, but now we have space for an air mattress for our guests to sleep on.
It's a great solution.
I take photos of my guests and stick them into my photo album.
We live in such times when it's normal to get said sometimes. It happens to me too.
My remedy for sadness is to take the photos, look at them. Remember our get-togethers.
Remember our laughter. Remember the atmosphere we had, the experiences I heard.
I meditate on them and that lifts me up again.
When I see how happy my guests are, it makes me truly happy.
Spending time together not only strengthens our friendships with each other, but also with Jehovah as well.
We live in such insecure times. We really don't know what life situations we will face next.
Not only are we affected by these situations, but others are also.
Making the best out of the time we have together helps to build friendships strong and meaningful friendships.
There are so many different personalities in the congregation and the time is coming when it will be essential for us to stick together.
We will face more and more pressure in this system of things.
But we will be ever more thankful for the friendships and the congregation that can help us to resist this pressure.
Together we are stronger because we can all support and rely on each other.
Thank you very much.